Your Liang family likes to gamble so much
Since Liang Shao has stumbled on you
I'm going to give him back face
Ok how do you want to bet
You have already won this Duobao conference
As for the third question
It doesn't matter whether we answer or not
So
But I read your third question
You can't answer
If you can't answer
Just jump from this building
Why should I gamble my life with you?
Because Mr. Liang raided your cemetery
The real person behind it is
I said your cemetery has good feng shui
Let Wu Limin design to lock you in
Then ask your mother to give the cemetery to Liang
Master Xie, what nonsense are you talking about?
Your father's ashes have been given to Liang Shao
Facing the culprit
You dare not gamble
Ok let me ask you
I can't hide from big things
Master Yang's crucial topic
The last question is always the same
Dongbao Dahui has been here for more than ten years
No one has ever been able to answer
Don't be fooled